{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Link to primary dataset: https://www.eia.gov/electricity/data/eia860/\
\
For our primary dataset, we chose data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA). Our data pertains to generators built in the United States and is collected by Form EIA-860. This data contains multiple files that provide a detailed description of every electric generator in the U.S. Some examples of data included in this set are location, ownership, prime mover of generator, electricity output, emissions, costs, equipment, and so much more. \
\
\
Link to potential secondary dataset: https://www.eia.gov/electricity/data/eia861/\
\
The second data set comes from Form EIA-861. It supports the primary dataset by providing a more in depth explanation of the economic factors associated with the generators mentioned in the primary dataset. It provides operation and metering data associated with costs and outputs for each generator. \
\
\
The connections between these two data sets would be that they each provide information on electricity generators in the United States. Using both of them, we can analyze things like cost of electricity in different sectors and at different levels, efficiency of output, and growth rate of certain technologies over time. }